Reset-EntraStrongAuthenticationMethodByUpn (#535)
microsoftgraph/entra-powershell: module/docs/entra-powershell-beta/Microsoft.Graph.Entra.Beta/Reset-EntraBetaStrongAuthenticationMethodByUpn.md

---
title: Reset-EntraBetaStrongAuthenticationMethodByUpn
description: This article provides details on the Reset-EntraBetaStrongAuthenticationMethodByUpn command.

ms.topic: reference
ms.date: 08/20/2024
ms.author: eunicewaweru
ms.reviewer: stevemutungi
manager: CelesteDG
author: msewaweru

external help file: Microsoft.Graph.Entra.Beta-Help.xml
Module Name: Microsoft.Graph.Entra.Beta
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/Microsoft.Graph.Entra.Beta/Reset-EntraBetaStrongAuthenticationMethodByUpn

schema: 2.0.0
---

# Reset-EntraBetaStrongAuthenticationMethodByUpn

## Synopsis

> Resets the strong authentication method by using a user principal name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resets the strong authentication method using the User Principal Name (UPN).
```

## Syntax

```powershell
Reset-EntraBetaStrongAuthenticationMethodByUpn 
 -UserPrincipalName <String> 
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## Description

> The `Reset-EntraBetaStrongAuthenticationMethodByUpn` cmdlet resets the strong authentication method by using a user principal name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Reset-EntraBetaStrongAuthenticationMethodByUpn` cmdlet resets the strong authentication method by using the User Principal Name (UPN).
```

## Examples

> ### Example 1: Resets the strong authentication method by using a user principal name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 1: Resets the strong authentication method by using the User Principal Name
```

```powershell

> Connect-Entra -Scopes 'UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite', 'UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All'
> 
> Reset-EntraBetaStrongAuthenticationMethodByUpn  -UserPrincipalName 'Test_contoso.com#EXT#@M365x99297270.onmicrosoft.com'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite', 'UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All'
Reset-EntraBetaStrongAuthenticationMethodByUpn  -UserPrincipalName 'SawyerM@contoso.com'
```

```

> This example demonstrates how to resets the strong authentication method by using a user principal name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to reset the strong authentication method by using the User Principal Name (UPN).
```

> - `-UserPrincipalName` Specifies the user principal name for which to reset the strong authentication method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-UserPrincipalName` parameter specifies the User Principal Name (UPN) of the user whose strong authentication method is being reset.
```

## Parameters

### -UserPrincipalName

> Specifies the user principal name for which to reset the strong authentication method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the User Principal Name (UPN) of the user whose strong authentication method is being reset.
```
